Now just when you thought you had done with CSSA there's one more thing I want to show you.
I've hinted at this a couple of times during this section but another way of storing your SS is to do
it completely off the page that you're working on.
So the internal CSSA that we've been using so far has all of the CSSA we're right there in the code
of the page.
That's a couple of reasons why that's not a great idea.
It's very helpful in development when you're making a site because everything's together but in production
it means that you have to have your CSSA content on every page which isn't great.
You could find yourself updating it several times and you'll definitely have a slightly slower site
because the users will have to download the CSSA information every time they load a new page.
So the general solution for this is external CSSA and we already saw one of those files when we used
a Google font.
But I'm going to show you how to do it now with our BBC dot HTML file.
So I'm going to get all of the style information
and cut it and we'll get rid of this and just out of interest as have a quick look and see what our
page looks like without any sense at all.
It's not great readable but not great.
So how do we keep our CSA as separate from how aged him.
Well I'm going to do it by creating a new file in brackets.
And this is going to be our CSSA file.
So I'm going to call it BBC CSSA and that's where I'll store all of our styles.
And now all I need to do is reference that file in my BBC HTL metafile will bring in all those CSSA
styles.
So you may remember some of the code that we had when we copy it in the Google font link but we do this
using link which is our way of bringing in a file into our HVM file and we use rail which is short for
relation.
And this is the relation between the main aged him l file and the file that we are linking to.
And in this case it's a stylesheet.
So this tells the H-G e-mail that we're linking to a separate style sheet.
Then we have to clarify the type and the standard for style sheets is text slash CSSA.
And finally we give it the ref with the hypertext reference the location that's going to be BBC C-s
us.
Simple as that.
So after we save that and reload our page we've got all our styles back in.
So that's how you use external CSSA.
And I would recommend using a Celsius that's pretty much all the time when you're working with a live
site.
It just makes things so much easier.
Separates everything out and requires the user to download less information when they visit multiple
pages on your site.
All right so use some external style sheets in the next Web site that you create.
But for now we're going to go on and look at some javascript.